# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.9.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
adagio==0.2.6
    # via fugue
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.14
    # via
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   ray
aiohttp-cors==0.8.1
    # via ray
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ray
alembic==1.16.4
    # via optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autogluon==1.3.1
    # via umotion (pyproject.toml)
autogluon-common==1.3.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
autogluon-core==1.3.1
    # via
    #   autogluon
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
autogluon-features==1.3.1
    # via
    #   autogluon
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
autogluon-multimodal==1.3.1
    # via autogluon
autogluon-tabular==1.3.1
    # via
    #   autogluon
    #   autogluon-timeseries
autogluon-timeseries==1.3.1
    # via autogluon
beartype==0.21.0
    # via plum-dispatch
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via gdown
blis==1.3.0
    # via thinc
boto3==1.39.11
    # via
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
botocore==1.39.11
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
catboost==1.2.8
    # via autogluon-tabular
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
chumpy==0.70
    # via umotion (pyproject.toml)
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   model-index
    #   nltk
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
    #   ray
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.21.1
    # via weasel
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   hyperopt
    #   mlforecast
    #   statsforecast
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
colorful==0.5.7
    # via ray
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
coreforecast==0.0.15
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   mlforecast
    #   statsforecast
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
datasets==2.14.4
    # via evaluate
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
einops==0.8.1
    # via autogluon-tabular
evaluate==0.4.5
    # via autogluon-multimodal
fastai==2.8.2
    # via autogluon-tabular
fastcore==1.8.5
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
    #   fasttransform
fastdownload==0.0.7
    # via fastai
fastprogress==1.0.3
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
fasttransform==0.0.2
    # via fastai
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.59.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fs==2.4.16
    # via triad
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   mlforecast
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   triad
fugue==0.9.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   statsforecast
future==1.0.0
    # via hyperopt
gdown==5.2.0
    # via nlpaug
gluonts==0.16.2
    # via autogluon-timeseries
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
graphviz==0.21
    # via catboost
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.73.1
    # via
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.33.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via autogluon-core
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   spacy
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lightgbm==4.6.0
    # via autogluon-tabular
lightning==2.5.2
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
lightning-utilities==0.14.3
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
loguru==0.7.3
    # via umotion (pyproject.toml)
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   model-index
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   catboost
    #   fastai
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mlforecast==0.13.6
    # via autogluon-timeseries
model-index==0.1.11
    # via openmim
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via ray
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
murmurhash==1.0.13
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
narwhals==1.48.0
    # via plotly
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   hyperopt
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
nlpaug==1.1.11
    # via autogluon-multimodal
nltk==3.8.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   mlforecast
    #   statsforecast
    #   window-ops
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   blis
    #   catboost
    #   contourpy
    #   coreforecast
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gluonts
    #   hyperopt
    #   imageio
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   nlpaug
    #   numba
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   safetensors
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seqeval
    #   spacy
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   thinc
    #   tifffile
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   triad
    #   trimesh
    #   utilsforecast
    #   window-ops
    #   xgboost
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.5.8
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.5.147
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.1.9
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.1.170
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.2
    # via torch
nvidia-ml-py3==7.352.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.21.5
    # via
    #   torch
    #   xgboost
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via ray
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opendatalab==0.0.10
    # via openmim
openmim==0.3.9
    # via autogluon-multimodal
openxlab==0.0.11
    # via opendatalab
optuna==4.4.0
    # via mlforecast
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via model-index
orjson==3.11.0
    # via autogluon-timeseries
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fastai
    #   fastcore
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlforecast
    #   optuna
    #   plotly
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   scikit-image
    #   spacy
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   utilsforecast
    #   weasel
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   catboost
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fastai
    #   gluonts
    #   mlforecast
    #   nlpaug
    #   openmim
    #   ray
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   triad
    #   utilsforecast
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   fastai
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pytesseract
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchvision
pip==25.1.1
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   openmim
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via virtualenv
plotly==6.2.0
    # via catboost
plum-dispatch==2.5.7
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fasttransform
preshed==3.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via umotion (pyproject.toml)
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via ray
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   transformers
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-common
py-spy==0.4.0
    # via ray
py4j==0.10.9.9
    # via hyperopt
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   datasets
    #   ray
    #   triad
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via opendatalab
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   confection
    #   gluonts
    #   ray
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via autogluon-multimodal
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.5.2
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   fastai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   model-index
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   timm
    #   transformers
ray==2.44.1
    # via autogluon-core
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fastai
    #   gdown
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nlpaug
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
    #   ray
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
    #   plum-dispatch
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   fastai
    #   mlforecast
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   seqeval
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   catboost
    #   chumpy
    #   fastai
    #   hyperopt
    #   lightgbm
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via transformers
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   fs
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   marisa-trie
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   thinc
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   chumpy
    #   fs
    #   hyperopt
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
    #   triad
smart-open==7.3.0.post1
    # via
    #   ray
    #   weasel
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.8.7
    # via
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   fastai
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
statsforecast==2.0.1
    # via autogluon-timeseries
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via statsforecast
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via openmim
tensorboard==2.20.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.4
    # via ray
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via autogluon-multimodal
thinc==8.3.6
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsforecast
tifffile==2025.6.11
    # via scikit-image
timm==1.0.3
    # via autogluon-multimodal
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via transformers
toolz==0.12.1
    # via gluonts
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   umotion (pyproject.toml)
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   fastai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   safetensors
    #   timm
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==1.7.4
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   fastai
    #   timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gdown
    #   gluonts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperopt
    #   lightning
    #   nltk
    #   opendatalab
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   spacy
    #   statsforecast
    #   transformers
transformers==4.49.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
triad==0.9.8
    # via
    #   adagio
    #   fugue
trimesh==4.7.1
    # via umotion (pyproject.toml)
triton==3.2.0
    # via torch
typer==0.16.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   gluonts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   plum-dispatch
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
utilsforecast==0.2.10
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   mlforecast
    #   statsforecast
virtualenv==20.32.0
    # via ray
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prettytable
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
window-ops==0.0.15
    # via mlforecast
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via smart-open
xgboost==3.0.2
    # via autogluon-tabular
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
